Popup: update Overview demo description (#1996)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/Popup/Overview/description.md

> This demo shows how to show and hide the Popup component, how to fill it with content, specify its position and other configurations. To get started with the DevExtreme Popup component, refer to the following tutorial for step-by-step instructions: [Getting Started with Popup](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Popup/Getting_Started_with_Popup/).

Reviewer: Same edits apply here.

> This demo shows how to show and hide the Popup component, how to fill it with content, specify its position and other configurations. To get started with the DevExtreme Popup component, refer to the following tutorial for step-by-step instructions: [Getting Started with Popup](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Popup/Getting_Started_with_Popup/).

Reviewer 2: "shows how to show" - phrasing like this should raise a red flag right away and be rewritten.
This demo illustrates how to show & hide the Popup component, how to fill it with content, and specify its position and other configurations...

## Show and Hide the Popup

> Call the [show()](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Methods/#show) method to display the Popup. You can close the Popup in multiple ways:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Call the [show()](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Methods/#show) method to display the Popup. To close the Popup, select one of the following methods:
```

> Call the [show()](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Methods/#show) method to make the Popup visible. You can close the Popup in multiple ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Call the [show()](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Methods/#show) method to display the Popup. You can close the Popup in multiple ways:
```

- Built-in close button    
Enable the [showCloseButton](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#showCloseButton) property to display the close button in the Popup's [title area](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#showTitle).

- Custom close button    

> This demo shows how to add custom buttons to the Popup. One of them uses an [onClick](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxButton/Configuration/#onClick) handler to call the [hide()](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Methods/#hide) method, and the Popup becomes invisible. To learn more, follow the **Configure the Popup** topic below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This demo shows how to add custom buttons to the Popup. One of them uses an [onClick](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxButton/Configuration/#onClick) handler to call the [hide()](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Methods/#hide) method that closes the Popup. Refer to the next section (**Configure the Popup**) to learn how you can populate the popup with custom controls.
```

> This demo shows how to add custom buttons to the Popup. One of them uses an [onClick](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxButton/Configuration/#onClick) handler to call the [hide()](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Methods/#hide) method that closes the Popup. Refer to the next section (**Configure the Popup**) to learn how you can populate the popup with custom controls.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This demo shows how to add custom buttons to the Popup. One of them uses an [onClick](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxButton/Configuration/#onClick) handler to call the [hide()](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Methods/#hide) method, which closes the Popup. Refer to the next section (**Configure the Popup**) to learn how you can populate Popups with custom controls.
```

- On outside click    

> Users can also hide the Popup on outside clicks, if you enable the [hideOnOutsideClick](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#hideOnOutsideClick) property.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Users can also hide the Popup on outside clicks if the [hideOnOutsideClick](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#hideOnOutsideClick) property is enabled.
```

## Configure the Popup

The Popup inner area is divided into two parts: title area and content area.

- Content area       

> To fill the Popup with content, Use the [contentTemplate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#contentTemplate) property. You can also specify a toolbar at the bottom of the content area. To do this, declare the [toolbarItems](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/toolbarItems/) in the markup as shown in this demo. Set each item's [toolbar](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/toolbarItems/#toolbar) property to `bottom`. To learn more about toolbar configuration, refer to the following tutorial: [Getting Started with Toolbar](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Toolbar/Getting_Started_with_Toolbar/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To populate the Popup with content, Use the [contentTemplate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#contentTemplate) property. You can also display a toolbar at the bottom of the content area. Declare a [toolbarItems](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/toolbarItems/) element in the markup as shown in this demo. Set each item's [toolbar](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/toolbarItems/#toolbar) property to `bottom`. To learn more about toolbar configuration, refer to the following tutorial: [Getting Started with Toolbar](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Toolbar/Getting_Started_with_Toolbar/)
```

> To populate the Popup with content, Use the [contentTemplate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#contentTemplate) property. You can also display a toolbar at the bottom of the content area. Declare a [toolbarItems](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/toolbarItems/) element in the markup as shown in this demo. Set each item's [toolbar](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/toolbarItems/#toolbar) property to `bottom`. To learn more about toolbar configuration, refer to the following tutorial: [Getting Started with Toolbar](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Toolbar/Getting_Started_with_Toolbar/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To populate a Popup with content, use the [contentTemplate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#contentTemplate) property. You can also display a toolbar at the bottom of the content area. To do this, declare a [toolbarItems](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/toolbarItems/) element in the markup as shown in this demo. Set each item's [toolbar](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/toolbarItems/#toolbar) property to `bottom`. To learn more about toolbar configuration, refer to the following tutorial: [Getting Started with Toolbar](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Toolbar/Getting_Started_with_Toolbar/)
```

- Title area       

> Set [showTitle](Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#showTitle) to `true` and use the [title](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#title) property to specify the caption. You can also add a toolbar in the title area. Set each [toolbarItems](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/toolbarItems/) item's [toolbar](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/toolbarItems/#toolbar) property to `top`. If you want to add an item to the overflow menu as shown in this demo, set its [locateInMenu](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/toolbarItems/#locateInMenu) to `always`.

Reviewer: Same edits as above apply here.

> Set [showTitle](Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#showTitle) to `true` and use the [title](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#title) property to specify the caption. You can also add a toolbar to the title area. Add the [toolbarItems](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/toolbarItems/) object and set each item's [toolbar](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/toolbarItems/#toolbar) property to `top`. If you want to display an item in the overflow menu, as shown in this demo, set the item's [locateInMenu](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/toolbarItems/#locateInMenu) to `always`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Set [showTitle](Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#showTitle) to `true` and use the [title](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#title) property to specify the caption. You can also add a toolbar to the title area. To do this, add the [toolbarItems](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/toolbarItems/) object and set each item's [toolbar](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/toolbarItems/#toolbar) property to `top`. If you want to display an item in the overflow menu, as shown in this demo, set the item's [locateInMenu](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/toolbarItems/#locateInMenu) to `always`.
```

## Resize and Position

> To specify the Popup's size, use the [height](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#height) and [width](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#width) properties.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To specify Popup size, use the [height](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#height) and [width](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#width) properties.
```

> In this demo, each Popup's position depends on the image. To position the Popup, specify the **my**, **at**, and **of** properties of the [position](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#position) object. The configuration in the demo reads as follows: "place **my** `center` side **at** the `bottom` side **of** the `#image${employee.ID}` element."

Reviewer: Same edits apply.

> In this demo, each Popup's location is relative to the image. The code sets the **my**, **at**, and **of** properties of the [position](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#position) object. The configuration in the demo reads as follows: "place **my** `center` side **at** the `bottom` side **of** the `#image${employee.ID}` element."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this demo, each Popup's location is relative to the image. The code specifies the **my**, **at**, and **of** properties of the [position](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#position) object. The resulting configuration in the demo reads as follows: "place **my** `center` side **at** the `bottom` side **of** the `#image${employee.ID}` element."
```

> Use the [container](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#container) property to specify the container to render the Popup in. If you set the [container](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#container) property to a specific element on the page, the [shading](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#shading) applies to this element.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the [container](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#container) property to select the container in which you want to render the Popup. If you set the [container](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#container) property to a specific element [SPECIFY] on the page, [shading](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#shading) will apply to this element.
```

> Enable the [dragEnabled](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#dragEnabled) property to allow users to move the Popup around the page.

Reviewer: Same edits apply.
